criando a pagina 'know' da documentação em ingles (#105)
okfn-brasil/querido-diario-comunidade: docs/en/source/understanding/meet.rst

Meet Querido Diário
###########################

Goals
************

> The **diário oficial** (official gazette) is a publication made by the spheres of the Brazilian public administration, whether federal, state, or municipal, and by the executive, legislative, and judicial branches. It works to **make official to the population the decisions made by the powers** 

Author: Entendido

> The Diário Oficial da União (DOU) and the Diários Oficiais dos Estados (DOE) are often well-established objects of collective interest, while the Diários Oficiais Municipais (DOM), especially from cities  that are not part of a metropolitan region, are less followed. Not surprisingly. Despite being public, **these documents are made available through channels that are difficult to follow**.

Author: entendi, vou me atentar a isso nos próximos PRs, estava em dúvida em muitos passos por não ter traduzido textos extremamente formais ou nichados como esses.

> The Diário Oficial da União (DOU) and the Diários Oficiais dos Estados (DOE) are often well-established objects of collective interest, while the Diários Oficiais Municipais (DOM), especially from cities  that are not part of a metropolitan region, are less followed. Not surprisingly. Despite being public, **these documents are made available through channels that are difficult to follow**.

Reviewer: sim!! eu também tive que dar uma olhada mais atenta hahah

2. File format
=======================

When we say "obtain official Gazettes," we are specifically interested in their content: it is the text of the decree, the ordinance, the bidding, etc, that we want; these are stored and shared through files.

Some file formats are more visual and suitable for human reading, while others prioritize easy access to their textual content, making them suitable for machine reading in general, municipalities prioritize publication for human reading and provide their official acts through PDF files, making automatic content processing difficult. Moreover, they can be of two types:

- **Text PDF**: the content of the PDF is text, probably generated directly by the text editor program.

- **Image PDF**: the content of the PDF is an image, and the file was created by scanning the printed edition.

.. _tipo-diarios:

3. Type of Official Gazette
===========================

Despite the lack of a legal standard, we find it possible to classify electronic gazettes into three categories:

> - **Aggregated Gazette**: the document contains official acts from various municipalities, often because they are part of an Association/Federation or the Diário do Estado(State Gazette) has a section for municipalities. An example is the  `Diário Oficial da Associação de Municípios de Alagoas`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Aggregated Gazette**: the document contains official acts from various municipalities, often because they are part of an Association/Federation or the State Gazette has a section for its municipalities. An example is the  `Municipalities Association of Alagoas State Official Gazette`_.
```

> - **Complete Gazette**: all official acts in the document correspond to a single municipality, such as the `diário oficial de Recife (PE)`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Complete Gazette**: all official acts in the document correspond to a single municipality, such as the `Recife (PE) Gazette`_.
```

- **Fragmented Gazette**: there is no single document for all the municipality's official acts; they are spread across several files. An example is `Bragança (PA)`_ which, on its website, has sections for decrees, ordinances, etc., with several separate acts.

Note how these three types of gazzetes differ in terms of content granularity and how they relate to each other as shown in the following diagram. 

> .. image:: https://querido-diario-static.nyc3.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/documentacao-tecnica/relacao-entre-tipos-diarios-eng.png

Author: isso eu crio os nomes ou deixo para ver isso na revisão do PR ?

> .. image:: https://querido-diario-static.nyc3.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/documentacao-tecnica/relacao-entre-tipos-diarios-eng.png

Reviewer: @victorhugorl deixei todos os links prontos já, na issue. Pode só pegar de lá e usar já.

>     :alt: [TODO]

Author: vou fazer isso então, deixa comigo

>     :alt: [TODO]

Reviewer: show, obrigada! @victorhugorl

.. REFERÊNCIAS:

> .. _Diário Oficial da Associação de Municípios de Alagoas: https://www.diariomunicipal.com.br/ama/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _Municipalities Association of Alagoas State Official Gazette: https://www.diariomunicipal.com.br/ama/
```

> .. _diário oficial de Recife (PE): https://dome.recife.pe.gov.br/dome/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _Recife (PE) Gazette: https://dome.recife.pe.gov.br/dome/
```
